add Debian guide (#21)
FyraLabs/devdocs: pages/submarine/guide_debian.mdx

> # Installing Debian Linux with Submarine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';

# Installing Debian Linux with Submarine
```

> > Note that this works best when using a live ISO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout type="info">This works best when using a live ISO.</Callout>
```
